# Disclaimer

Disclaimer&#x20;

This paper is for general informational purposes only. It does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell any investment and should not be used in the evaluation of the merits of making any investment decision. It should not be relied upon for accounting, legal or tax advice or investment recommendations. Tokr is publishing this White Paper solely to receive feedback and comments from the public. If and when Tokr offers for sale any tokens (or a Simple Agreement for Future Tokens), it will do so through definitive offering documents, including a disclosure document and risk factors. Those definitive documents also are expected to include an updated version of this White Paper, which may differ significantly from the current version. If and when Tokr makes such an offering in the United States, the offering likely will be available solely to accredited investors. Nothing in this White Paper should be treated or read as a guarantee or promise of how Tokr’s business or the tokens will develop or of the utility or value of the tokens. The White paper outlines current plans, which could change at its discretion, and the success of which will depend on many factors outside of Tokr’s control, including market-based factors and factors within the data and cryptocurrency industries among others. Any statements about future events are based on the analysis of the issues described in this White Paper. That analysis may prove to be incorrect.&#x20;

This paper reflects the current opinions of the authors and is not made on behalf of Tokr DAO, Tokr Labs a.k.a. Roost Enterprises, Inc. dba Rhove, its affiliates or contributors, and does not necessarily reflect the opinions of Rhove, its affiliates or individuals associated with Rhove. The opinions reflected herein are subject to change without being updated.&#x20;

Tokr DAO (including affiliates, core developers, members and contributors) does not provide legal advice. The DORE Framework (and any Framework standard set forth or adopted by Tokr) is a template that can be used to demonstrate real property ownership is tied to rNFTs and submit due diligence to streamline the data collection process. However, every stakeholder is encouraged to seek their own counsel and conduct their own due diligence.&#x20;

The Tokr DAO, any Tokr affiliates or contributors to the open source software and systems involved in the Tokr Protocol and the minting of rNFTs disclaim any representation or warranty relating to the sufficiency or adequacy of the title to property owned by entities specified in any rNFT metadata, and, by purchasing a rNFT, users acknowledge that they are not relying on any such representations or warranties. Linked in the metadata are copies of documentation submitted by owners seeking to prove ownership and demonstrate the value of real property. The metadata and documentation submitted as part of the rNFT certification process is intended to make data collection easier to assist stakeholders in conducting their own due diligence. It is strongly encouraged that any party seeking to assess the value of rNFTs conduct their own research and additional due diligence as it relates to the sufficiency and adequacy of the title and value of such property prior to acquiring a rNFT or accepting it as collateral, which may include obtaining a title insurance policy (in the case of real estate) or may include other appraisals and diligence as the buyer/lender sees as appropriate.
